Repo signature rework (#21)
xcp-ng/create-install-image: README.md

- source RPMs
- development RPMs
- debugging-symbols RPMs
- a few large RPMs only useful as build dependencies: ocaml, golang,

>   java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  java, xs-opam-repo, etc.
```

Author: I considered `xs-opam-repo` to be part of `ocaml`

Reviewer: ok

- development RPMs
- debugging-symbols RPMs

> [!NOTE]
>
> this includes much more packages than needed for producing
> the install ISO, notably build-dependencies that are not needed by
> the installer, and not get installed themselves on the XCP-ng host
> either.  But a local mirror which you control will provide image
> reproducibility, and ability to work offline.

> [!NOTE]
>
> this is not a general-purpose mirroring tool.  It will

> > notably not mirror a number of deveopment packages, which you owuld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> notably not mirror a number of development packages, which you would
```

Author: done
